angry,angry,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
cool,cool,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
laugh,laughing,verb,nil,r,emotions,laughed+laughing+will laugh
funny,laughing,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
love,love,verb,nil,r,emotions,loved+loving+will love
sad,sad.jpg,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
sleepy,sleepy.jpg,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
think,thinking,adj,nil,r,emotions,thought+thinking+will think
happy,happy,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
surprise,surprised,adj,nil,r,emotions,surprised+surprising+surprising
scared,scared,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
sick,sick,adj,nil,r,emotions,t

cat,cat_silhouette,noun,cute,r,animals,t
cow,cow,noun,farm,r,animals,t
deer,deer_silhouette,noun,hunting,deer,animals,t
fish,fish,noun,water,fish,animals,t
tree,tree_silhouette,noun,nature,r,animals,t

apple,apple,noun,food+fruit,r,food,t
lunch,food_lunch,noun,food,lunches,food,t
breakfast,food_breakfast,noun,food,r,food,t
dinner,food_dinner,noun,food,r,food,t
soda,soda_can,noun,drink,r,food,t
bacon,bacon,noun,nil,r,food,t
donut,donut,noun,nil,r,food,t
egg,egg,noun,nil,r,food,t
pancake,pancake,noun,nil,r,food,t
sandwich,sandwich,noun,nil,r,food,t
toast,toast,noun,nil,r,food,t
water,water,noun,nil,r,food,t
lunch,food_lunch,noun,food,lunches,food,t

call,call,verb,nil,r,activity,called+calling+will call
eat,eat,verb,nil,r,activity,ate+eating+will eat
sleep,sleep,verb,on,r,activity,slept+sleeping+will sleep
wait,waiting.jpg,verb,for,r,activity,waited+waiting+will wait
want,want,verb,nil,r,activity,wanted+wanting+will want
need,need,verb,nil,r,activity,needed+needing+will need
can,can,modal,nil,r,activity,could have+can+will be able to
may,may.jpg,modal,nil,r,activity,might have+might+might be able to
should,should,modal,nil,r,activity,should have+should+should

car,car_sedan,noun,travel,r,travel,t
car,car_sedan,noun,travel,r,travel,t

basketball,basketball,noun,sport,r,object,t
big,big,adj,size,r,objects,t
I,i.jpg,pronoun,was+am+will be,me,objects,t
you,you,pronoun,were+are+will be,you,objects,t
he,he,pronoun,was+is+will be,him,objects,t
she,she,pronoun,was+is+will be,her,objects,t
we,we,pronoun,were+are+will be,us,objects,t
they,they,pronoun,were+are+will be,them,objects,t
it,it,pronoun,was+is+will be,it,objects,t
man,man_silhouette,noun,people,men,objects,t
pencil,pencil,noun,draw,r,objects,t
small,small,adj,size,r,objects,t
woman,woman_silhouette,noun,people,women,objects,t

fast,fast,adj,faster+fastest,r,other,t
quickly,fast,adverb,quick,r,other,t
wait,waiting.jpg,verb,for,r,activity,waited+waiting+will wait
want,want,verb,nil,r,activity,wanted+wanting+will want
need,need,verb,nil,r,activity,needed+needing+will need
can,can,modal,nil,r,activity,could have+can+will be able to
may,may.jpg,modal,nil,r,activity,might have+might+might be able to
should,should,modal,nil,r,activity,should have+should+should
talk,talk,verb,to,r,activity,talked+talking+will talk

angry,angry,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
cool,cool,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
laugh,laughing,verb,nil,r,emotions,laughed+laughing+will laugh
funny,laughing,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
love,love,verb,nil,r,emotions,loved+love+will love
sad,sad.jpg,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
sleepy,sleepy.jpg,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
think,thinking,adj,nil,r,emotions,thought+thinking+will think
happy,happy,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
surprise,surprised,adj,nil,r,emotions,surprised+surprising+surprising
scared,scared,adj,nil,r,emotions,t
sick,sick,adj,nil,r,emotions,t

blue,blue,adj,nil,r,other,t
black,black,adj,nil,r,other,t
brown,brown,adj,nil,r,other,t
gray,gray,adj,nil,r,other,t
green,green,adj,nil,r,other,t
orange,orange,adj,nil,r,other,t
pink,pink,adj,nil,r,other,t
purple,purple,adj,nil,r,other,t
red,red,adj,nil,r,other,t
white,white,adj,nil,r,other,t
yellow,yellow,adj,nil,r,other,t
fast,fast,adj,faster+fastest,r,other,t
quickly,fast,adverb,quick,r,other,t

underneath,underneath,prep,nil,r,other,t
over,over,prep,nil,r,other,t
below,below,prep,nil,r,other,t
above,above,prep,nil,r,other,t
through,through.jpeg,prep,nil,r,other,t
around,around,prep,nil,r,other,t
between,between,prep,nil,r,other,t
behind,behind,prep,nil,r,other,t
in front,inFront,prep,nil,r,other,t
next to,nextTo,prep,nil,r,other,t
in,in,prep,nil,r,other,t
on top,onTop,prep,nil,r,other,t

one,one,number,nil,r,other,t
two,two,number,nil,r,other,t
three,three,number,nil,r,other,t
four,four,number,nil,r,other,t
five,five,number,nil,r,other,t
six,six,number,nil,r,other,t
seven,seven,number,nil,r,other,t
eight,eight,number,nil,r,other,t
nine,nine,number,nil,r,other,t
ten,ten,number,nil,r,other,t


